chore(docs): adding doc about external login provider (#880)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: docs/03-extensions/external-login-handlers/providers/google.mdx

---
title: "Google"
description: "Allow customers to use your website with their Google account."
---

<p>{frontMatter.description}</p>

## Google setup

The `GoogleProvider` needs the `clientId` and the `clientSecret` to work. You
can get these from your "OAuth2.0 Client" of your app on the
[google developer console](https://console.developers.google.com/apis/credentials).

> P.S. you need to create one if you have not already.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that you need to create one if you have not already.
```

Author: fixed

### Configuring Redirect URIs

You need to configure the allowed redirect URIs under your "OAuth2.0 Client" of
your app on the
[Google developer console](https://console.developers.google.com/apis/credentials).
Note that the `Authorized redirect URIs` should contain all your stores URLs
followed by `/external-login/google/callback`.

For example if you have two stores `https://example.com/en` and
`https://example.com/fr`, you need to put
`https://example.com/en/external-login/google/callback` and
`https://example.com/fr/external-login/google/callback` in the
`Valid OAuth Redirect URIs` field.

## Front-Commerce setup

### `front-commerce.config.ts`

```ts
...
import externalLoginProviders from "@front-commerce/external-login-providers";
...

export default defineConfig({
  extensions: [
    ...
    externalLoginProviders(["google"])
  ]
})
```

### Environment variables

| Name                                      | Description              |
| ----------------------------------------- | ------------------------ |

> | FRONT_COMMERCE_LOGIN_GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID     | Google App Client ID     |
> | FRONT_COMMERCE_LOGIN_GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET | Google App Client Secret |

Reviewer: **nit:**

```suggestion
| `FRONT_COMMERCE_LOGIN_GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID`     | Google App Client ID     |
| `FRONT_COMMERCE_LOGIN_GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET` | Google App Client Secret |
```

Author: fixed
